DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
Bakugan Battle Brawlers in A Fish Called Tayghen!
RUNO: There! That's it!
TIGRERRA: Yes, and I can feel the negative energy
flowing from its core!
PREYAS: Oh goody!
We're so close!
ANGELO: Well I don't like this one little bit!
DIABLO: That's because you're a whoss, Angelo!
Okay guys, you ready?
ALL: Yeah!
[screaming]
Whoa!
W-What is that?
It couldn't be?
Is that Vestroia?
[screaming]
Dan!
Runo!
Shun!
I've got you, Julie!
You saved my life, Gorem!
Don't worry Marucho, I'll save you!
[screams]
[chuckles] All clear, guys!
I don't detect any negative energy!
Huh? Are you sure?
Well, I guess we should check this place out.
Good idea, Runo.
[cross-talk]
Yeah, well at least I think it's safe...
For your sake!
Wait!
Is this really Vestroia?
TIGRERRA: No!
It's never been an Aquos Attributed Dimension...
PREYAS: Indeed.
And I do sense a strong Aquos presence...
SKYRESS: Yes and I can sense the power of Ventus!
That would be...
both water and wind.
I believe this may be a new dimension
where those elements have mixed together to form one.
Huh? You serious?
Never more, Daniel.
Vestroia was originally a world unto itself
where the six attributed dimensions
co-existed in balance.
But now Naga has seen fit to disrupt that balance.
One explanation maybe that new worlds have formed,
created from the overlapping of the original dimensions.
Wow!
We're in a whole new world!
DAN: Okay, let me get this straight, Drago.
Does that mean we have to...
to travel through different worlds just to get to Naga?
DRAGO: I believe so...
Ah man!
All this thinkin' is givin' me a giant headache!
Hey, there is no point getting frustrated, Dan...
I say we should just keep going!
She's right!
We're on a mission!
Right?
[screaming]
DRAGO: Are you alright?
PREYAS: Yeah, that looked major-league nasty!
Oh wow...
That was a smooth move, Dan!
Hey! It's not my fault!
DRAGO: Take a look at this!
Whoa! Check out the Baku-Cicles!
Those Bakugan have Water and Wind Attributes!
But who did this?
I'll bet you Naga is behind it
and we've got to stop him!
Hang on...
Do you know which way we go?
Gee, I never thought about that...
Let's see.
The center of Vestroia was a restricted area
where even we Bakugan were not allowed to set foot.
But that was when the balanced power
of all six attributes were protecting the core.
I believe that has all changed.
And it would appear Naga did it with the help
of Hal-G's power!
Okay, hang on.
You're saying the power protecting the core
has been disrupted?
Yes.
And that may be a good thing because it just might allow us
to enter the core.
But for now, we should see if we can find the entrance
to the next world.
Unless we do, our whole mission could be in jeopardy!
Right, we must begin with baby steps...
Yeah but, how are we supposed to find the next entrance?
Allow me to direct you.
I'm picking up a faint signal!
But from where, Gorem?
That way!
Oh, how beautiful!
I didn't know there were Auroras in Vestroia!
And they exist because of one thing...
Auroras are powered by a magnetic field.
Are you sure?
I get it...
It might be that magnetic field could be having
an effect on all dimensions in Vestroia.
Of course! Yes!
Okay, let's check it out, guys!
All right, move out!
Hey! Look up there!
MARUCHO: It appears to be a worm hole...
GOREM: Yes!
And that's where the signal is coming from!
I may be guessing but...
You think that could be the entrance
to the Center of Vestroia?
Yes.
But we better hurry.
Once the Aurora disappears, so too will the entrance
of the next dimension!
Oh no!
We gotta get moving pronto, you guys!
It's closing! Come on!
[crying]
What?
Is that some kinda mirage?
You must help me...
please...
Do not leave all me here alone...
RUNO: Let's be careful, guys!
DAN: Who are you?
And what'd ya doin' way out here?
I swam...
You swam?
Is this a joke?
Come on!
Quit wasting our time with your smart mouth, kid!
I am a Water Attributed Bakugan.
See?
What do you think?
[scream]
I am Tayghen.
I understand your journey has been a long one.
Why not stay here and rest a while!
We are the gatekeepers of this world
and we have a job to do...
and that's to protect our leader Naga!
Naga!
You're gatekeepers?
You must be Aquos and Ventus!
And I get the funny feelin' you two were expecting us to come!
Forget them!
They're not so tough!
Come on kids, we're wasting time!
If you insist on continuing...
then you must first defeat us in a battle...
Let's go! Air Attack!
DRAGO: What are you doing, you fool?
Drago! Nooo!
Stay out of this!
Blow Away!
Where did he get such power?
Now it's my turn!
Aquos Cyclone!
Noo! My Marucho!
Runo!
Help!
Preyas! Now!
Do it nowww!
That's a big ten-four, good buddy!
Aquos Bubble!
Thanks you guys!
Boy, are you guys ever out of shape!
Whoa... thanks Preyas!
The signal from the Inner Core is starting to fade...
That means we've gotta step on it or we'll be stuck
in this dimension forever!
But there's no time!
Marucho!
Do you think you and Preyas could find a way
to lure Tayghen underwater?
Do you have...
some kind of plan?
Yes.
And Skyress, you and me will lure that other overgrown
freak onto the shore.
The one they call Hairadee?
Wait a minute, I think I'm starting to get it...
That's it!
One is Aquos and the other is Ventus!
We trick them out of their elements!
You're right!
That gives us the advantage!
What a heavenly plan!
Simply heavenly, Shun!
With them battling outside of their element,
this should be a snap!
'Kay Skyress...
Time to get this show on the road.
You know what to do!
It shall be done!
Gate Card... Set!
Now it's my turn!
Ha! Mind your own business!
Gate Card... Set!
It's now or never, you guys!
You ready to play?
You bet!
As it is written, let's get this little party started!
Now!
Bonzai!
Hey kids!
More Bakugan Battle Brawlers after these messages!
The battle continues on Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Hey Tayghen!
Think you're pretty tough, huh?
Well, there's a new sheriff in town!
Bring it, Preyas!
With... pleasure!
Gate Card Open!
Triple Battle!
Huh? What's this? I can't move forward!
Okay Angelo! Time to morph!
Gotcha!
Aquos Preyas!
Diablo Descends!
Oh, this is going to be so much fun!
Thanks, kid!
I promise I won't let you down!
Okay...
Let's give these grunts a taste of the Preyas
Combination Attack!
Attribute Change!
Darkus!
Eww, I'm all tingly!
Feast your eyes!
Is it a bird?
Is it a plane?
No, it's only me, Preyas the Magnificent!
Ability Activate!
Diagonal Relation between Pyrus and Darkus!
I can feel the power surge!
Excellent! Two birds with one stone!
Ability Activate!
Water Refrain!
Hey Tayghen, that move just nullified your Ability!
Oh no! I- I can't attack!
Incommiiinnnnng!
Noooo!
Ha!
What now?
Are you giving up, Skyress?
Now Shun!
Gate Card Open!
Energy Merge!
Huh? What's wrong... I'm losing my power...
Why you little...
you can't do this!
I just transferred all of your power to Skyress!
I'd try to explain it to you, Hairadee but...
I'm running out of time!
Now to finish what we started!
[screaming]
Sweet! We did it!
And that's a wrap, folks!
PREYAS: And I didn't even break a nail!
Okay kids, it's time to blow this popsicle stand!
Wow!
I can't believe we pulled that off, you guys!
Well it was all thanks to you Shun
and your amazing little plan!
That was incredible!
The old switcher-roo and I fell for it...
But if you think I'm washed up, you're sadly mistaken!
[scream]
But I thought she was...
Blow Away!
No way! She's using a Wind Attribute!
But Shun...
I didn't think that a Bakugan could do that?
Aquos Bow Jet!
Back to water!
Hang on... I think I get it!
This must be a world where Water and Wind
have come together!
So both Bakugan can use either Attribute
whenever they want!
Are you sure?
I always thought that was impossible!
Oh no! Marucho!
Guys!
We have to finish him off or we'll be stuck here forever!
A Wind Attribute Bakugan can't beat us underwater!
Totally impossible!
The impossible just became possible!
Dive Mirage!
Oh crud!
He's a Ventus Bakugan!
He can't do that!
We're done for!
Yeah!
And it ain't gonna be pretty!
Nice seeing you again boys!
Freezing Wave!
Whoa! Intense!
What Attribute is he using now?
Now look! The water is turning to ice!
Marucho!
He's freezing us in!
How is he doing that?
We're doomed!
Marucho!
C'mon guys, we've got to do something and fast!
DAN: Marucho!
Maruchooo!
So that was your brilliant little plan, hmm, humans?
Sorry but you're no match for the likes of us!
Yes.
This whole battle has been nothing more than child's play!
Oh, and one more thing...
Who's wants to be our next victim?
Why you cretin!
Fool...
Aquos Bow Jet!
Aquos and Ventus together.
It doesn't make sense.
Wind and Water are two totally different Abilities
and a Bakugan can only have one...
Man! This is my fault!
I should have come up with a better plan!
Oh no!
Look everyone, the worm-hole is closing!
GOREM: The signal from Vestroia's core is fading!
Dan!
We have to hurry or we'll all be trapped here!
We can't!
Not without Marucho!
We have to save him before we leave!
Ability Activate...
Blow Away!
What in the world's happening?
F-Freaky!
Huh?
Hey!
What'd ya think your doin', Shun?
I've got to finish this, Dan!
You three make a break for it!
No Shun, that's just crazy!
We battle as a team, remember?
Shun!
Shunnnn!
He...
must feel responsible for Marucho
and the others being trapped.
DRAGO: What now, Dan?
We leave!
At this point, we don't have time to turn around...
We have to trust Shun at his word...
We gotta believe he can get Marucho and his Bakugan
out of there safely.
But Dan, that's crazy!
Come on!
Let's get this over with, Tayghen!
What do you think, Hairadee?
Is this human worthy to battle us?
Well he...
probably isn't, but why not?
I've got nothing else on my schedule this afternoon...
Besides, I haven't had a good laugh in a few decades!
No, the joke will be on you, pal!
What an entertaining little man.
Enough chit-chat.
If he wants a fight, then he'll get a fight!
Skyress, counter attack!
Now! Gate Card Set!
Forcement Wind!
Huh?
What happened?
I-I can't move!
Let me explain it to you!
My Forcement Ability allows Skyress
to nab your Ventus Attributed power...
And because you can switch attributes,
I can just as easily steal them!
Thanks, Shun!
I'm powered up and ready for battle!
Playtime is over, Skyress!
You're dreaming if you think you can defeat both of us!
Ha! Just wait and see!
For what?
Skyress!
Here's the plan!
Scan the ice!
Find the weak spot!
I'm on it!
That's it!
I've had all I can take!
SHUN: Storm Stinger!
Whoa! What happened?
I thought we were goners back there!
Hey Marucho... you okay?
I'm good...
Oh please!
Quit pretending you're some kind of hero!
For your info, the Brawlers fight as a team!
So, you ready Marucho?
Yeah!
Hey Diablo...
If we're going to battle, I need Angelo.
Ah man!
I was looking forward to a fight!
Aquos Angelo reporting!
Here to serve and protect!
Just tell me what to do master
and your wish is my command!
Diagonal Relation between Ventus and Haos engage now!
Now Skyress and Angelo's powers are jacked up to the limit!
Oh goodness.
I can feel the surge!
Let's do this, Skyress!
So... are you ready for battle, guys?
Oh yeah... I'm in!
And I'd like to start with my Wind and Light
Friendship Attack!
Marucho! Phase Two!
Right! Preyas, you're up next!
I thought you'd never ask, kid!
Attribute Change!
Darkus!
Am I cool or am I cool?
Ta da!
I'm ready for my close-up, Mr. DeMille!
Make sure you get my good side!
Diablo!
You're up!
Alright, but what's with all the changes, Marucho?
I'm not sure if I'm coming or going!
Diagonal Relation...
between Pyrus and Darkus Activate!
Preyas and Diablo, power boost!
Shall we, Diablo?
You know me! I'm always ready!
Where did that come from?
Incredible!
Shun! Your turn!
You got it! Gust of Wind Blow!
Destruction Meteor Storm!
We won!
Boy, that was fun...
Can we go on again?
Yeah ma, one more time please?
-Thanks, Shun... -No sweat.
Alright!
So... ready to go?
Yeah, you bet, Shun!
Hmph!
I can't believe we lost to humans!
Don't worry, this fight isn't over!
This is Runo
and on the next episode of Bakugan Battle Brawers,
Dan, Julie and I end up in another strange world.
It's like this real bizarro place
filled with weird stalactites and psychedelic lights.
And just like the last episode,
we have to battle of a couple of creepy Bakugan
before they let us leave their world
and continue on our quest to find Naga!
I rooting for Dan and Drago.
Hope you are too!
So join me and gang on the next episode
of Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan Brawl!